[Music]
hey it's like I missed last Friday huh
well they took down Mother's Day - [ __ ]
that movie that movie was wack anyway
whack ass movie with this dumbass
characters just keep that [ __ ] off my
channel right here we got an even better
movie Antichrist directed by lars von
trier is that film that I always do
about depicting a husband and wife who
deal with the death of their child the
wife goes through some very a typical
grief so her a therapist husband takes
her to the Eden woods to help her get
through her pains nothing could prepare
him for the symbolic evilness of his
life anyway prepare yourself
his Antichrist its Satan running these
woods if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown oh right
cue to go on
Antichrist begins with just straight
[ __ ] like raw doggin all over the
damn house is pretty graphic actually
while mommy and daddy are so hard at
hugging their son Nick decides to go on
his own a little adventure looks like
mom and dad took things to the bed but
Nick climbs atop the cabinet and looks
out the window
unfortunately Nick falls out of the
window just as the couple finishes and
the boy dies instantly upon hitting the
ground its grieving time it's always sad
when children died I can never begin to
understand the pain of the parents the
wife takes a very rough and falls out at
the funeral a month passes and the wife
has been laying down struck by a typical
grief already though we know the husband
is a therapist due to his disliking of
the doctor treating his wife in two
weeks two weeks
she's back at home y'all won't get that
one they say therapists shouldn't treat
their family maybe they're right since
whenever they have a session it gets
personal she thinks he is indifferent to
the loss of the son husband explains
that he was just giving her distance so
she could finish her thesis she and Nick
took a trip to the Eden woods to write
it thinking about Eden made her anxious
we can clearly see her going through the
symptoms of some hard anxiety she starts
to deal with the do harming herself and
having sex with the husband that's not
gonna do that won't do no she has to be
exposed to her fears her second biggest
fear is the Eden woods despite her being
secluded there on purpose a while back
so the two make their way to the Eden
woods to fight that anxiety is calm and
chill until the wife's fears surround
her the husband goes for a little walk
while she's napping and he spots grief
personified well that didn't look like
grief does it it's just a pretty little
doe well was not pretty it's the
stillborn fawn hanging behind this
little mama now we're in the pain era
chaos reigns sounds like a cool
alternative title
to this movie the wife later wakes up
and finds the husband laying around
still they got to finish their exposure
in this scary place but this crosswalk
was too much to bear
I don't know why but it's funny soon you
people just sprinting away for no
physical reason
stop laughing spooker this is serious
the husband finds his own way to the
cabin first taking note of the nearby
shed wife is already in slumber and he
lays alongside her for the night with
memories lingering he should have been
more mindful the next morning his hand
is covered in these white bloated tics
I'm sure was a hassle pulling those off
but they still got a lot of work to do
work like melting into the forest around
them to realize it has no power over the
wife still nature is metal in the worst
times a baby bird seems to fall out of
his nest with ants taking over his body
this is before a hawk grabs it and tears
it limb from limb
I think it's hinted that the couple see
this happen so you remember the wife's
thesis paper it was called Guyana side
she was writing it in the Eden woods
some time before along with her son
wonder why her ass ain't have him right
next to her though she hears a crying
child and rushes to find her son all
over the damn woods gladly he was okay
but he was in the shed right next to her
still like he should be right next to
you you know well what was all that
crying if it wasn't a baby you had to be
something else
maybe it was an alpine gold it was like
the woods his self was crying probably
the Blair Witch maybe that's why she's
so anxious about the Eden woods the
husband says that this was all just
panic since he's mr. know-it-all she
tries to hit him with that rey mysterio
move it's hard to explain yourself when
somebody denies what you say I guess but
I mean he is a therapist some more
breakthrough reveals that she thinks
that nature as a whole is Satan's Church
well if that's the case then her biggest
fear overall must be Satan itself the
next day so she has no fear of Saint
Church she's confident in fearless
peered of the fear she held mr.
know-it-all knows this is weird and
she's mad at him for not believing her
after her departure the husband's own
nightmare seemed to leak into real life
I wouldn't be surprised if the mental
illness spread from perfect blue applied
for the couple here the husband walks
around where he notices the pain he
happens upon an injured Fox in reality
but he sees the Fox eating itself chaos
reigns it says you can watch this very
clip yourself to see how cute it is oh
no we're in a despair arc now we don't
do despair over here cuz the husband
looks through the Attic sometime and
sees a lot of women being executed or
tortured the witchcraft era I guess he
finds the thesis his wife worked on but
it gets less legible with each page it
talks about witchcraft then torture
involved in discovering witches human
nature seems to be evil but if that's
the case then that means female nature's
also evil that's the wife's point anyway
the wife is embracing the belief that
women are all inherently evil her thesis
didn't start out that way maybe that's
why she wants him to hit her during
random sex when he doesn't hit her she
fearlessly walks out naked to a big tree
to masturbate if you want to see me
explain these censor scenes more just
click on the [ __ ] you link in the
description it's only another video
talking about the scenes that are
censored in this video the husband seems
to join her and they have sex beneath
this interest to hell that perhaps was
all just a dream so here we are we are
getting into the reason why this movie
is among the most disturbing right as he
comes to the conclusion that her biggest
fear is in fact herself she knocks him
down to force that kitty on him he tells
her repeatedly that he loves her to know
that he does care about her but she
accuses him of lying and
Lam's a woodblock directly on his crotch
that hurt everybody ding-a-ling or kitty
now this next part I can't show if you
want to see you so bad just click on
that [ __ ] shoo links all you got to do
she jacks him off and blood squirts out
you'll see some of it on her shirt who
wouldn't passed out from that attack he
wakes up hyperventilating and finding a
bolted grindstone going through his legs
homeboys in pain but no matter what he
can't take it off because little mama
threw the wrench away he manages to
crawl a long way from the shed but the
wife discovers him gone he hears her
screaming for him and Noakes right into
a foxhole she inches closer in the
foxhole he comes across despair an
injured crow that only helps the wife
figure out where he is with this loud
hollering no matter what abuse he puts
this bird through there is no solace in
yet well she finds him but can't drag
him out so she literally digs into the
ground to where he is buried alive it's
begging time the wife is like in a
battle against herself that evilness
should have left the husband to die in
his early grave well instead she feels
guilty and helps him out of the foxhole
after slowly dragging him back to the
cabin she tells him oh you're gonna die
but just not yet the three beggars got a
link up soon somebody has to die they're
arriving soon he passes out again and
she uses his hand to pleasure herself
it's here that we get a flashback when
she and her husband were having sex his
nick played around she wasn't as unaware
as we thought apparently she saw him
climb up to the window and even fall out
but didn't even say a word damn
maybe she like really is evil just her
though for sure she is mentally ill I'm
guessing to punish herself she cuts off
her own clitoris now that you will have
to see any uncensored extreme scenes it
was like a signal for the grief to come
to the cabin and get his homeboys pain
into
err somehow it's like the three beggars
here show the husband where the wrench
is she awakens as he of bolts himself
from the grindstone but still the
beggars are here
somebody must die anxiety and fear
starts to overwhelm him similar to how
it overwhelmed his wife in the beginning
he rages and star strangling his wife
until there is nothing more left in her
with his wife dead he burns her remains
in this funeral pyre I guess it ain't
over till the fat lady sings now this is
the most critical sings like ever the
husband finds himself viewing many women
walking upward upon him they seem to be
wearing outdated clothes too not too
outdated though at first I thought these
might represent women executed for
witchcraft if that's the case then a
theory I like best is that once the wife
died these representations of those
women were let free from Satan's church
otherwise I don't really know I don't
think they were gonna harm the husband
though because he seemed to just be like
in awe if anything even though it did
look like in Everybody Hates Chris
moment well that was Antichrist
I think Lars von Trier is one of our top
directors in this channel even though we
don't talk about his films a lot a
reminder all the uncensored scenes are
in the extreme scenes video posted on
[ __ ] shoot link in the description now
let's get to the spooky stuff cue to go
on
[Music]
so let's get right into it the most
disturbing moment is easily the
self-mutilation committed by the wife it
was perfect
disturbing material you can see it on
[ __ ] shoot but beware the most
enjoyment is probably in the little fox
who can talk I don't care if you sound
like the devil it was kind of cute
no I'm just kidding I actually liked
that ending it didn't feel hostile or
anything I almost felt relieved to some
level and that's it also the uncensored
extreme parts are in the new miniseries
extreme scenes on [ __ ] shoot I feel it
might be better than uploading the same
long-ass video here is the house that
Jack built on the right also directed by
lars von trier if you liked this movie
you might also like my favorite video
both nom Rises aka bedeviled thanks for
watching spooky out